these soldiers Good afternoon
I'm from Ukraine, the city of Khmelnitsky And you're
just from Rostov, here I'm sitting here without
electricity since Monday, our
power plants were bombed to see you yes
Well, yes Do you think it's normal Yes
that Russia went to war in Ukraine
Let's What do you think is normal then  that
yours bombed yours in 14, you start
I correctly understood ours bombed ours, we
bombed ourselves because of this, Russia
came to bomb us Well, you didn’t
bomb the Donbass,
you support this war so simply Yes
or no war is bad at all you will
support yes you  do you think it’s right
that Putin led troops to Ukraine and started
killing people
no, that they kill people is not normal
in any way So it turns out that Putin
did wrong that he led troops and
started killing people
for the war, but here you support your
country correctly
My country is defending yours attacks
on  support in different ways Well, where
does your country protect Let's So you
have a husband Yes if your husband swells and
will be with a knife  m rush at people on the
street, you will support him or
say
no Well, of course, to say
your country has swelled or has been in a foreign
country with a war for 7 months already, which
may be our country is worried about our
people and she decided to protect herself
because your president wanted to join  in NATO
Yeah, I understood, that is, your country was
worried about your people and already how many of
your guys died in Ukraine I
didn’t understand something Then because of what they
die another 300 thousand gain
Well, your soldiers are dying there and ours
are dying, yes, like, well  ours on our land,
yours on a foreign land, what’s the fun for you
Well, if so, it’s far from your
Land to judge And whose Well, how would you like Yeltsin in 91,
just a piece of
land like this In the ninety-first What
document did Yeltsin write out the land in 91
I wonder  I love historians so much find
you know too Such interesting stories
especially in history books seriously
you read our history books
well it kind of
shows that we are attacking you
Well just  you understand what, that is, you
can’t tell me somewhere I already became interested.
When Yeltsin
gave us something there, he signed a document that
we were already crazy about the lands. I now you had the
Russian Soviet Socialist
Federative Socialist Republic
, we had the Ukrainian Soviet
Socialist  The republic you declared
independence, we declared, and here
there is something that gave us something that is not at all
clear
in the ninetieth year, look at the declaration
of state sovereignty of the USSR,
even on June 12 you are still celebrated on this
day in Russia,
and what year are you born
I was just small, I was 81 I am still  I remember
these events I
wonder how you know Shi Yeltsin
what he gave there
I know that Lenin created I will tell
Lenin created Ukraine scientists told about
Stalin in front of Yeltsin in a row Already a
new topic
let's go while you are looking for me with your colleague
What is your name
Andrey you said something  then there that
on the floor Russia is here because NATO is
shorter in Ukraine before What would happen if
you should have had nuclear weapons in Ukraine, of
course it was good, look now
Estonia Latvia Lithuania will
destroy Russia
girl
and Ksenia, look Finland
will now be in NATO under your borders
Estonia Lithuania Latvia has long been Vlad and
right under Moscow and St. Petersburg And that there are some kind of
nuclear  weapons are attacked
I don’t know yes it’s cool but it’s
interesting But look yesterday there was
such a situation that in the Belgorod
region at the training ground two
Tajik soldiers shot something 20
killed Russians of these mobilized
there were about 30 wounded How do you feel about
this
Well this is not your war  citizens of your
citizens shot down such a
lot of terrorist attacks in our cities the same thing as they
bombed the Crimean bridge now don’t
look at the Crimean bridge we bombed
you yes But the
Crimean bridge here Do you think we’ll
get it in Rostov and are just
happy I’ll honestly tell you I’m my wife  In the morning he
says damn Crimean bridge banged the tone
I don’t believe then In short I go all so
joyfully I even wrote a verse  l about it, well, it’s
really cool to watch if you’re
from which city from Rostov to
Where did you say from which city from
Rostov if in Rostov there in the
Rostov region We were banged at the Millerovo airfield
, too, we were happy with banging
something else in Rostov we’ll still rejoice
of course,
but also we are like that, you bang us of course
we rejoice when we bang you some
infrastructure facilities
imagine that
our rocket will fly to Rostov, the Americans
will now give us long-range missiles and
fly to Rostov I honestly I will
rejoice honestly in response, you understand
that  gone
crap
electricity for how many Mondays
there is no electricity
don’t rejoice stop again That is
, we don’t have electricity, it’s true, but you are
now saying that you are on Monday
intermittently right you are four as I
talk to you on the Internet no
somehow they told you to turn it on  some
substations probably don’t work everything
works everything works absolutely everything for
two days there were interruptions everything  And we further
Belgorod rasfigachili area there are already
substations to you Belgorod
and will fly in and now the Americans will give us
more missiles Yes, and long-range missiles will be
killed in Rostov and then all sorts of parts
Well, you will rejoice Honestly, I
will really rejoice
Yes, I ask and now I look and you say
rejoice  and I understand that people who are
happy that they are attacking Ukraine we are
not happy about the war are not happy that people are being killed
support you
just like you support that we
support the defense of our country and you
support the attack on our country we do not
support any attack again
we  I started with you, I clarified
no. Wait, you personally said
yes, Ksenia, that this is necessary. Because there would be
some NATO bases. True,
our president protects our country. That
is, you think that he is doing the right thing
in general
after the
Americans are
not true. China
Well, look
America is suffering. Who  wins
America wants to remain one
superpower,
I understand correctly America forced
Putin to attack Ukraine Yes,
in general, how do you treat America coolly
positively Yes, because it
helps you, for example, and now I look at your T-shirt,
too, American
and your president, too.
I'm just looking at you something about America But
here you are also for America American
t-shirts spouts
Well, why aren't you there what
Why is it written on your T-shirt what is
it Why are you clinging to my
T-shirt you say something about America
given American
I can’t understand some texts on your T-shirt, but
I think that America is a good country and
that
the president, yes, they also
help us normally, okay Everyone is fighting
all sorts of
rashism.  they take it or they don’t take it, so
it’s necessary to be ready infrastructurally for
this Yes,
also, for example, they may not marry you there
because it’s still like a little
truth then
you can
you can’t just get married, we need to reform Thank you were already there Why are the Russian Vankas treated so badly Yes, it’s not normal OK Well And your husbands went to the front, but there’s nothing for the best president Well, they haven’t called yet, maybe the health group is not like that in general, my husband died in the war. No, it doesn’t happen in a war that they would have been sent to war. Can you imagine How many now look How many husbands have died in Ukraine now due to the fact that your troops came here on Tuesday. We, too, people did not climb here and they understand if if we hadn’t attacked, then Ukraine would have invaded the territory of the Russian Federation literally in two weeks Russia could not wait two weeks we invaded Ukraine had so many weapons That is, you were already prepared for this But how did we have, look how we had so many weapons if you were able to reach Kyiv right now Which ones they started bombing now because it just turns out that way you can go down the street to hit break you but  with and say,
I hit her because she would have
hit me first.
Well, it didn’t just start now. It’s the
devil knows when something else from the Cold
War from the Cold War,
and what was in the Cold War such
Ukraine fought with Russia
in general, let’s start
that  that you google Yeltsin, I say with Ksenia
yes, google Yeltsin until you
google that there are 91 years of our data
authorities and so look Ksenia So you
understand what the loss of a loved
one is and How many wives in Ukraine
in the morning have lost a loved one as a result of these
military actions of the Russian Federation
that's what  you tell them
I know Okay Wait but wait I'm
with Xenia
our our Ukrainian military And
your wives
I'm sorry
but you support your
soldiers and their
wives to get here  war
For the sake of which
he defended his homeland his homeland but not
in his homeland in a foreign homeland he defended yes
We explained to you
when Hitler attacked the USSR so maybe  he is
also German Soldiers defended their
homeland not in Germany,
but when we were
children they can play calmly And somewhere your
parents no longer have
you think that they are defending their
homeland thousands of kilometers from their homeland
you are just sad
It’s a pity yes children but support yes what
support
No, I don’t support me
I don’t like it when they don’t exist then you
say that yes there are no others So it’s
right that you think that
your government did the right thing by
sending troops into Ukraine and killing people,
it’s just hard for you to admit it to yourself
No, just if you google Yeltsin
we have in Russia due to the fact that let’s say
your side would join NATO
to attack our country
So wait If if they attacked And
if they didn’t attack true And if not
if give That’s it Yes, therefore Let’s
not enter
that’s why don’t  it is necessary if this is how
we are here we all lived
here  we’ll still trade Xenia’s second girlfriend What’s the name is normal and then lay down the weapon Russia will become everything will be fine already Well, look how we put it together Let’s start when everything starts in February you climbed into a bunch of regions your army was kicked out they defeated it near Kyiv they defeated it in the Sumy region of Chernihiv now in Kharkov now in Kherson your army is retreating as we serve weapons we are on the contrary advancing where you are advancing therefore look here they have liberated the Kharkov region so now they are liberating the Donetsk region Why do I want Russia not to lay down their arms or die dead That is, you want the Soldiers who come here they must die Well, of course, or run away if they are lucky or die Of course, if you see The enemy my grandfather fought in World War II so the Germans came of course he wanted your leader to be with our grandfather, see My grandfather My grandfather fought against Nazism and now our people are fighting with the Nazis Yes, only the Nazis are now in
Russia You wear a swastika where show
me where the swastika is just on the plastic where the
swastika on the Azov people is all at the wedding Show
me what Azov people have already
googled Yeltsin on swastikas Now
you have a movie with swastikas Here you are in Rostov there are
skinheads in Rostov
all the girls ran away like this
She sits she understands Dasha  no one’s husband
died and she understands that people are being killed
in Ukraine, everything is not a pity That’s all they
support the war, you
hear weapons Yes, I’m sorry, yes they
support it, they’re ashamed to
admit they have to pull it out This is
bad bad Well, yes, I support
Like and three is a channel  your
friends words